[Serve] Implement ServeHandle refactoring (#10527)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/tutorials/batch.rst

This annotation is needed because batched backends have different APIs compared
to single request backends. In a batched backend, the inputs are a list of values.

For single query backend, the input type is a single Flask request or
:mod:`ServeRequest <ray.serve.utils.ServeRequest>`:

.. code-block:: python

    def single_request(
        request: Union[Flask.Request, ServeRequest],
    ):
        pass

> For batched backend, the inputs type is converted to list of their original

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For batched backends, the input types are converted to list of their original
```

    Ray Serve performs *opportunistic batching*. When a worker is free to evaluate
    the next batch, Ray Serve will look at the pending queries and take
    ``max(number_of_pending_queries, max_batch_size)`` queries to form a batch.
    You can provide :mod:`batch_wait_timeout <ray.serve.BackendConfig>` to override

>     this behavior to enforce full batch under some timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    this behavior to wait for a full batch to arrive before executing (under a timeout).
```
